Hello and welcome back.
I have another challenge for you this one's on the Template Method OK.
The requirements are going to be this application heck is gonna have to do with order processing flow.
That's what I want you to write.
And what this is gonna do is you're going to create an application that allows clients to order items
and process them by paying either online or in the store and you're gonna use the template method to
determine the payment the online or the in the store.
The overall algorithm used the process in order is defined in the base class and used by the subclasses.
But the way the individual operations are performed vary depending on the subclass so you're going to
need to create an abstract class containing the algorithm skeleton the order process template the process
order is the method that contains the process steps that's the template method it's going to need to
do things like do select due payment and delivery.
Those are going to be abstract methods.
They're going to determine how the item is selected either add it to an online cart or pick from a shelf.
They're going to determine how the item is paid for using a credit card.
Pay Pal or cash if pick from a shelf they're also going to determine how the item is delivered either
through postage or picked up at a counter other stops in the algorithm could include gift wrapping for
example.
But this is the template method and all you have to do with implement these methods is hard code some
output indicating that the right method was invoked right but the Template Method again has a series
of ordered steps.
Do select due payment delivery and then probably gift wrapping you can create two subclasses that implement
this after class or extend the steps that class net order in store order.
These have the same order processing steps and that's why they're going to use the template method.
They're going to implement the abstract math methods again default behavior just print out hey this
method was invoked for net order or this method was invoked restore order the client will be the last
up you need to do item creation is not necessary for implementation because we are demonstrating the
use of the template method by processing the order so you can automatically assume that items have already
been created added to some kind of shopping cart you just want to create some orders either an order
or store order and then you want to process each order to demonstrate the Template Method pattern right.
That's the goal of this assignment.
So here is some example output we can just say the item was added to the online shopping cart.
Again we're assuming items are there.
So that would be maybe our first Template Method step and then we can say gift wrap preference get delivery
address online payment through net banking card or paypal gift wrap successful ship the item through
the post office deliver the address right and then the next one.
And so that's the first Template Method and this will be going through it through the net through the
net banking net payment.
The next one will be customer chooses from the item from the shelf.
So this would be the other concrete subclass they pay at the counter through peo us the gift wrap or
successful right.
And then the item is delivered to in delivery counter.
Right.
No I but to a delivery counter but you see the certain steps here in the first example the.
It's an online and the second example it's customer off the shelf.
So two separate preferences but again the steps are the same gift wrap preference.
Get the delivery address.
You have to do that for not banking and get the online payment through not baking and then wrap it and
then ship it to the delivery address.
Identify those common steps and go ahead and implement and try doing that some of you for you with the
process order through the selection the payment and the delivery all right.
So that's that's what I want you to do.
This will test your understanding of the template method good luck if you have any questions asked me
in the Q and A thank you.